README.md, before:

# DEV Blog (React Frontend) - MERN Stack
Blogging website made using Express and JWT authentication in the backend and React in the frontend




👉[Backend Repo](https://github.com/acamposcar/blog-api)

👉[Demo](https://blog-react-express-api.herokuapp.com/)

Demo credentials:
- User: normalUser
- Password: user


## Screenshots

### Home page
![index](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9263545/168496688-d9532ed0-e647-42dd-a5ad-87ab07b7f5f6.png)

### Post page
![posts](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9263545/168496691-620b608f-11f5-4fb8-9825-c24eb1444552.png)

### Syntax highlight
![syntax](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9263545/168496690-b859fcc7-53d4-42e2-9a7d-aa8c621594a0.png)

### Registration form
![register](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9263545/168496692-248efd74-43a7-453c-9779-878d44c6c797.png)

### Profile page
![profile](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9263545/168496694-80e1f44c-e7c8-4954-8984-e774412173fa.png)


## Technologies

### Backend (Rest API)

-  NodeJS & Express
-  JWT Authentication (using Passport)
-  MongoDB
-  Multer (file uploading)
-  Express Validator

### Frontend 

-  React
-  React Router
-  React Markdown
-  React Syntax Highlighter
-  Material UI Components
-  CSS3

## Features

- Create posts using markdown syntax (admin users only)
- Edit and delete posts (admin users only)
- User registration
- Users can upload their avatar image
- Comment on posts (registered users)
- Fully responsive user interface

## Installation

1. Clone the project

2. Install all dependencies

```bash 
npm install
```
3. Start backend server - [Backend Repo](https://github.com/acamposcar/blog-api)

4. Start React app
```bash
npm start
```

Commit message:

Add Dashboard repo and screenshots

README.md, after:

# DEV Blog - Blog (React Frontend) - MERN Stack
Blogging website built with Express authentication and JWT in the backend and two React applications in the frontend, one for blog visualization (public) and one for administration (administrators only).

👉[Backend Repo](https://github.com/acamposcar/blog-api)

👉[Dashboard Repo](https://github.com/acamposcar/blog-api)

👉[Demo](https://blog-react-express-api.herokuapp.com/)

Demo credentials:
- User: normalUser
- Password: user


## Screenshots - Blog View (public)

### Home page
![index](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9263545/168496688-d9532ed0-e647-42dd-a5ad-87ab07b7f5f6.png)

### Post page
![posts](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9263545/168496691-620b608f-11f5-4fb8-9825-c24eb1444552.png)

### Syntax highlight
![syntax](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9263545/168496690-b859fcc7-53d4-42e2-9a7d-aa8c621594a0.png)

### Registration form
![register](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9263545/168496692-248efd74-43a7-453c-9779-878d44c6c797.png)

### Profile page
![profile](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9263545/168496694-80e1f44c-e7c8-4954-8984-e774412173fa.png)

## Screenshots - Dashboard (dashboard, administrators only)

### Posts page
![posts](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9263545/168836730-fc7c6287-66a2-44e8-b09a-69bec7bfcae2.png)

### Create post
![create](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9263545/168836739-f448371a-e6c1-4457-bbed-8e5b22f3ea8b.png)

### Edit post
![edit](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9263545/168836735-82c00035-a9ec-439a-9b23-b3d9164cb4b5.png)

### Sign in
![login](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9263545/168836746-66838ffa-9144-4cf6-98e4-328eef6dcd17.png)


## Technologies

### Backend (Rest API)

-  NodeJS & Express
-  JWT Authentication (using Passport)
-  MongoDB
-  Multer (file uploading)
-  Express Validator

### Blog view (frontend)

-  React
-  React Router
-  React Markdown
-  React Syntax Highlighter
-  Material UI Components
-  CSS3

### Dashboard (frontend)

-  React
-  React Router
-  React Markdown
-  Chakra UI
-  CSS3

## Features

- Create posts using markdown syntax (admin users only)
- Edit and delete posts (admin users only)
- User registration
- Users can upload their avatar image
- Comment on posts (registered users)
- Fully responsive user interface

## Installation

1. Clone the project

2. Install all dependencies

```bash 
npm install
```
3. Start backend server - [Backend Repo](https://github.com/acamposcar/blog-api)

4. Start React app
```bash
npm start
```
